[Autogenerated] Now, what is A W s systems manager,
A W s systems manager is a service that allows us to view and then control
our infrastructure within a W s in an automated fashion.
Now, A W s breaks system manager up into different capabilities.
So let's talk about those really quickly.
The first is operations management,
and this is essentially a suite of capabilities that help us manage.
R A.
W s resource is so there's different dashboards and centers that we can
navigate to in order to automate operational tasks.
The second is application management and application
Management is a group of capabilities that helps us manage
our applications running in a W s.
Now, this is more specific to the application itself,
as opposed to the resource which would reside in operations management.
This is allowing us to run commands and config.
Our application on our resource is themselves.
The next is actions and change in actions and change
offer exactly what they sound like.
They let us take actions against a resource or change a resource.
So this is where a lot of the automation comes in and we'll look at
some of the documents that make up this capability.
The next is instances and nodes.
Now,
instances and nodes basically allows us to manage Our A W S E c
two instances are on premise servers and VMS.
So if we have a hybrid environment and even other AWS nodes so this
is very specific to compute within our accounts,
the very last one we have is shared.
Resource is and shared resource is are essentially used
for managing as well as configuring.
Our AWS resource is so these are what are known as documents SSN
documents which will look at here in a little bit.
And they could be shared across your organization or with other teams
to automate different tasks within your account.
Let's go ahead.
We'll take a break here,
and in the next clip we'll start looking at S S M in a hybrid environment and the differences